README.md, before:

# Ubix UX Test

Ubix is looking for great UX engineers.  Here's the outline of a take-home project to show us what you've got.

## The Challenge

The team wants a simple way to track their TODO lists.

### My TODO List.

A team member should be able to log into a server, view their current list of TODOs and:

* Add a TODO
* Edit a TODO
* Complete/Check-Off a TODO
* Delete a TODO

### Suggested TODOs

Additionally, a team member can suggest a TODO for another team member.

The team member receiving a suggested TODO can:

* Accept it - it is added to their own TODO list.
* Reject it - the team member who suggested is notified of the rejection.

When a suggested TODO is completed, the team member who suggested it is notified of this.

### Something Special

Add one or more additional features you think would be useful for an application like this.

_Surprise us!_

## Technology Stack

* The server should be [NodeJS](http://nodejs.org).
* Persistence can be whatever you'd like.
* The client side can be implemented however you'd like.

## Submitting

Fork this repo, and when you've got something you're proud to show us, submit a pull request.

Please provide some notes on any necessary setup (such as a DB) so we can get your solution up and running and try it out.

We look forward to seeing what you've got to show.

Commit message:

Add instructions to Readme.md

README.md, after:

# Instructions

Persistence uses mongodb, so there should be a mongod running.

$ npm install
$ ./node_modules/.bin/webpack
$ npm start

Then check out http://localhost:3000

The client side is uses React for the view and Redux for managing state.

# Ubix UX Test

Ubix is looking for great UX engineers.  Here's the outline of a take-home project to show us what you've got.

## The Challenge

The team wants a simple way to track their TODO lists.

### My TODO List.

A team member should be able to log into a server, view their current list of TODOs and:

* Add a TODO
* Edit a TODO
* Complete/Check-Off a TODO
* Delete a TODO

### Suggested TODOs

Additionally, a team member can suggest a TODO for another team member.

The team member receiving a suggested TODO can:

* Accept it - it is added to their own TODO list.
* Reject it - the team member who suggested is notified of the rejection.

When a suggested TODO is completed, the team member who suggested it is notified of this.

### Something Special

Add one or more additional features you think would be useful for an application like this.

_Surprise us!_

## Technology Stack

* The server should be [NodeJS](http://nodejs.org).
* Persistence can be whatever you'd like.
* The client side can be implemented however you'd like.

## Submitting

Fork this repo, and when you've got something you're proud to show us, submit a pull request.

Please provide some notes on any necessary setup (such as a DB) so we can get your solution up and running and try it out.

We look forward to seeing what you've got to show.
